chore/contrib guide (#73)
getsentry/sentry-powershell: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Any contributions are welcome, be it feedback, bug reports, documentation, or code contributions.

## Set up this repo for local development

1. Clone the repository

> 2. Launch `./scripts/download.ps1' to download the required dependencies.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Launch `./scripts/download.ps1` to download the required dependencies.
```

>    You'll also need to do this after a sentry-dotnet SDK update.

Author: ```suggestion
   You'll need to do this again later, when a sentry-dotnet SDK version changes.
```

## Running tests

> We use pester to execute tests. First, you'll need to import the deveopment version of the module.

Author: ```suggestion
We use pester to execute tests. First, you'll need to import the development version of the module.
```
